Add WalletKit to wallets section and eip-4337 page (#319)
0xPolygon/polygon-docs: docs/pos/concepts/transactions/eip-4337.md

- [ERC-4337 proposal](https://eips.ethereum.org/EIPS/eip-4337) is the link to the official proposal and technical specification.
- [@account-abstraction SDK](https://www.npmjs.com/package/@account-abstraction/sdk) is an npm package for using ERC-4337 developed by the authors of the proposal.
- [Stackup](https://docs.stackup.sh/) provides node services with ERC-4337 bundlers and other ERC-4337 infrastructure.

> - [WalletKit](https://walletkit.com) is an all-in-one platform for adding smart, gasless wallets to your app. It has integrated support for ERC-4337 and comes with a paymaster and bundler included, requiring no extra setup.

Reviewer: ```suggestion
- [WalletKit](https://walletkit.com) is an all-in-one platform for adding smart, gasless wallets to your app. It has integrated support for ERC-4337 and comes with a paymaster and bundler included that require no extra setup.
```
